#Final Thoughts 

My personal sense of how well the attributes measured will have actually captured pages that have relevant sentiment is mixed. On one hand, this process is excellent at scraping the device term and words used to signify review, which captured many pages with very relevant review data. Also searching for terms that signify reviews on camera, hardware, operating system, and display will have captured some very relevant review web pages, and these are also the top differences between the devices. I am also confident that these pages have some sort of opinion or display knowledge about the product because of the strict scraping rules like device name and review term being within 5 words.

On the other hand, I do see some improvements in the process. The terms for positive, negative and uncertain could be expanded as well as the review terms. Possibly adding more slang terms, or to expand to searching other languages since the biggest market for the app will be in developing countries. Additionally, a deeper dive into customer’s preference on more specific features like screen size, how easy the device is to use, speed of loading applications and camera specifics like front or rear facing camera could offer more insight into feature preferences.  

In conclusion, this data analysis effort did not predict a clear winner when comparing customer sentiment towards either iPhone or Samsung Galaxy products, but did show that these two devices have extremely high sentiment in the marketplace. Therefore, whichever application platform Helio decides to go with to build their suite of health care apps, their users will have an enjoyable experience with either device. 
