#Next Steps 

Although it is unfortunate that this sentiment analysis did not predict a clear winner, in the end the data shows that both devices have extremely high satisfaction ratings by customers, with almost 85% of reviews displaying the highest happiness rating, 5. This means that whichever device you chose, likely the medical staff using the application suite will be able to use either device with relative ease. As shown in the marketplace as well, consumers seem to have a personal preference but both devices perform at a similar level that they can become almost interchangeable. 

I would suggest looking more into the device features, Helio's business relationship with both companies, as well as what sort of resource restrictions may be common in the developed areas the aid staff is or may be working in. For example, the iPhone historically has a higher price point than Samsung Galaxy devices. Would this cause any issues in developing countries with more limited monetary resources? Also, the iPhone has its own individual charger while the Samsung Galaxy uses a Micro USB, which is a much more common connection and compatible with a multitude of chargers from other devices. Battery life may be another feature that could be considered since electricity may not always be easily available. Finally, examining carrier compatibility could offer some insights if one phone model is preferred over the other. 

My personal sense of how well the attributes measured will have actually captured pages that have relevant sentiment is mixed. On one hand, this process is excellent at scraping the device term and words used to signify review, which captured many pages with very relevant review data. Also searching for terms that signify reviews on camera, hardware, operating system, and display will have captured some very relevant review web pages, and these are also the top differences between the devices. I am also confident that these pages have some sort of opinion or display knowledge about the product because of the strict scraping rules like device name and review term being within 5 words.

On the other hand, I do see some improvements in the process. The terms for positive, negative and uncertain could be expanded as well as the review terms. Possibly adding more slang terms, or to expand to searching other languages since the biggest market for the app will be in developing countries. Additionally, a deeper dive into customer’s preference on more specific features like screen size, how easy the device is to use, speed of loading applications and camera specifics like front or rear facing camera could offer more insight into feature preferences.  

In conclusion, this data analysis effort did not predict a clear winner when comparing customer sentiment towards either iPhone or Samsung Galaxy products, but did show that these two devices have extremely high sentiment in the marketplace. Therefore, whichever application platform Helio decides to go with to build their suite of health care apps, their users will have an enjoyable experience with either device. 

Continue to [Final Thoughts] (https://github.com/chelswhite84/Sentiment-Analysis/blob/master/Steps/Final%20Thoughts.md)

Return to [Classification] (https://github.com/chelswhite84/Sentiment-Analysis/blob/master/Steps/Classification.md)
